Save message item raise an exception when subject greater than 255 (#11937)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_9.md

#### Integrations
##### EWS v2

> - Fix an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** command did not handle message subject with length greater than 255 characters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command would not handle a message subject with a length greater than 255 characters. 
```
